# Image-Colorization-
This is the project which converts black and white image to colored image.
# Why Image Colorization?
We have some old photos and images in black and CCTV images and videos. To make them more realistic we need to colorize them. If we go with the more higher level like imaging the celestial objects by NASA, ISRO or any other space agancy need to be colorized to give people a better view.
# How to Colorize image?
There are many techniques to colorize the images. Like Using tensorflow,pytorch and some built models etc. But base of all the technique is Generative Adversial Network(GAN)
<br>
GAN is the technique to generate new things you can generate image by this technique and convert the one thing to another like by using GAN you can convert a Horse to Zebra or a donkey.<br>
In this technique there is a Generative model and another is discriminatory model. The task of generative model is to make fool of discriminatory model means Discriminatory model is the checker which check whether the output generated by generative model is perfect or not. once Generative model make fool of discminatory model we get the desired output.
<br>
Here also I used the same technique like having dataset of black and white images and colored images trained both the models on the dataset giving input as grayscale images and output as RGB images. using the vectorization of the images. Having three values of R,G,B respectively values lies from (0-225).
<br> 
With the help of these vectors model gets trained and give the output.

